A beautiful crust is worthless if nobody can afford it. So
we build the cost from the ground up, and ask a
blunt question — is it cheaper than what people use today?
Each prong has its own bill: fermentation for the polymer, feedstock
and enzyme for the cementing, and alginate we simply buy in.
Now plot cost against the area you treat. Conventional methods
start cheap but climb steeply. Our biological crust starts higher
— the setup costs — but grows far more slowly.
Where the two lines cross is the crossover: beyond that
treated area, the biological option is simply the cheaper one.
And because the cementing locks away carbon dioxide, the
credit for that capture pulls the crossover earlier still
— the crust pays for itself sooner.